Feature/release notes camunda incident health check (#401)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.7.0/valtimo-backend-libraries.md

  The types of files uploaded to the temporary file storage can now be restricted by whitelisting allowed mime-types.
  More information on this feature can be found [here](/using-valtimo/upload/temporary-file-storage.md#whitelisting-file-types-for-uploads)

* **Spring Actuator health check for Camunda incidents**

  A Spring Actuator health check has been added to monitor the number of Camunda incidents.

>   If any incidents exist, the health indicator will be 'UNKNOWN'. When no incidents exist, the indicator will be 'UP'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If any incidents exist, the health indicator will be `UNKNOWN`. When no incidents exist, the indicator will be `UP`.
```

  More information about the Spring Actuator health endpoint can be found [here](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints.health).

>   In addition, a custom HealthAggregator has been implemented to set the overall status to UNKNOWN in case one of the individual statuses is UNKNOWN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition, a custom `HealthAggregator` has been implemented to set the overall status to UNKNOWN in case one of the individual statuses is `UNKNOWN.`
```
